we're known for making instruments to be
as touch sensitive as responsive to
human input as possible
you know our philosophy has always been
that the instrument should just get the
hell out of the way and let the musician
being resistant you know the heart the
hardest part about you know what we do
is that there are these mechanical
requirements they have to conform to
laws of physics that will not change so
we have to find ways to sort of straddle
the line between the actual mechanical
requirements of an instrument and what
the musician is bringing to the table
then you have to be able to reproduce
those solutions with great consistency
over and over and over again thousands
to the millimeter matter in terms of how
something is going to sound in terms of
how it's going to feel
you know you spend eight hours carving
every body and getting it ready to spray
how much you gonna charge for it who can
afford that I was able to work with the
Machine and adapt what it does to
deliver an end result that looks and
feels the way I would have done it by
hand
oh crap I'm replaced by a machine a lot
of people look at that and think it's
evil because it's taking the art out of
it that's ridiculous
you still need the art and if anything
you need to bring more art to it to get
a machine to emulate what a human is
capable of doing so it's a lot less wear
and tear on me it's a big difference
than when I was 28 and worked 14 hours a
day and not feel it you know now I feel
it so you know I got to be a little more
merciful on my body having a machine
that allows me to still do what I could
do
relentlessly that's a good thing